#summary A quick introduction

= Get the images =

The first step is to have an image to analyze.
The possible sources are scanned ECG or EP tracings or digital images that are downloaded.
The formats that are accepted are bitmap (.bmp), jpeg (.jpg or .jpeg), tiff images (.tif or .tiff) and gif images (.gif).

= Using Eepee =

  * Start eepee.
  * Click on the 'open file' icon and browse to the image.
  * Calibrate the image by clicking on the calibrate icon and then measuring a known distance on the image - enter this distance in the dialog box that pops up (enter only the number of milliseconds, not 'ms'). The calibration is stored so that the next time the image is opened, the statusbar informs you that the image is calibrated and all your measurements are in 'ms' again. 
  * Measure distances by clicking on the caliper icon. Moving the calipers does not require you to hold down the mouse button and drag. A click 'locks' the caliper to the mouse and drags it along till the next click.
  * The measurement is displayed in the statusbar. 
  * You can remove the calipers by clicking on the 'Remove Caliper' icon or you can 'stamp' it on the image by clicking on the 'Stamp caliper' icon. This also writes the measurement next to the caliper measurement.
  * You can save the image with the calipers and the measurement by clicking on the 'Save' icon. Currently, the image is always saved as a .png file. 
  * You can add notes for the image by clicking on the notes tab. Notes are automatically saved when you close the application or open another image.
  * You can open another image by clicking on the 'Open file' icon again. However you can also use the 'Next' and 'Previous' buttons to open other files in the directory. The other image files in the directory are also listed as a playlist on the right side and you can open one of them by double-clicking on its name.